doc: Add Serializable query guarantees to docs (#16137)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/overview/isolation-level.md

table t, and T2 queries materialized view mv where mv is an expensive materialized view including t, then T2 may not see
all the rows that were seen by T1 if they are executed close enough together in real time.

> If there is not a consistent snapshot available across all objects in a query, then the query will be blocked until a
> consistent snapshot becomes available. If there is a consistent snapshot available then the query will not block and be
> executed immediately. There is guaranteed to always be a consistent snapshot available for queries that only involve a
> single object and therefore these queries will always be executed immediately. Note, queries against a single
> Materialized View that was creating using multiple objects is considered a query involving a single object. Therefore,
> these queries will not block and be executed immediately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a consistent snapshot is not available across all objects in a query, the query will be blocked until one becomes available. On the other hand, if a consistent snapshot is available, the query will be executed immediately. A consistent snapshot is guaranteed to be available for queries that involve a single object (which includes queries against a single materialized view that was created using multiple objects). Such queries will therefore never block, and always be executed immediately.
```
